---
title: WHEREAMI v2.0 - update
published: true
---
# WARNING
Since Heroku transitioned to a paid model, the availability of the app has been affected, and it is no longer accessible. I am currently exploring alternative options to find a viable solution in light of Heroku's transition to a paid service. I am seeking ways to make the app accessible again.

# Introduction
In June of 2021, Mapillary introduced its new API (v4). Replacing API v3. However, my project (WHEREAMI) was built with their v3 API. And since Mapillary is a core part of my project, all the functionality was lost because of all that changed.
I finally got myself some time to fix this and migrate WHEREAMI to v4!

## What changed?
Most features are working as usual, however we have lost a way to create maps.
On WHEREAMI v1.0 there was a feature that allowed a user to create a map, by selecting each individual location (not randomized). That was useful whenever you wanted to create a map and send it to your friends and test their geographical knowledge.
Due to some deprecated features in Mapillary API v4 that existed in v3. In this specific case, there was a field that could be set when searching for images (closeto=). This field allowed us to get images close to a set of coordinates. Sadly, it looks like v4 deprecated this field and only allows a bbox to be set.
Even after testing different ways to get images in a specific location (e.g., creating a very small bbox around the chosen coordinates) I was unable to get valid images.
Therefore, at least for now, that feature won't be available.

## What's next?
In the future I'm looking forward to do the following:
- Make WHEREAMI Open Source
- Add default regions that the user can choose without drawing them
- Make custom map creation available again (dependable on Mapillary API features)
- Multiplayer (will take a long time)

_Bear in mind that this is only a side project that I'm developing alone. I have multiple other things going on, so I won't be able to dedicate 100% of my time to this!_

## How to play?
Want to try out WHEREAMI? Go to [WHEREAMI](https://where4m1.herokuapp.com/) and have fun! If you wan't to share any feedback, feel free to message me on social media!

This a video on [How to play WHEREAMI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drIuW1pO1ZI)
